everybody that was easy to be with Matt
monarch and here's a book that we were
talking about this book is a sober life
or discourses on the sober life by Luigi
car narrow and the subtitle is how to
live to a hundred years old and it says
here look Lois Oh Luigi car Nando lived
to the in the 15th and 16th century so
corrected because I said the 17th or
18th on the video and attained the age
of 102 and that was just back that was
in the 1500s that's pretty amazing and
now you know someone who think it's
amazing if they do it now with all
technology but it's a great story check
it out and the key to his success was
exactly what me and Matt agree on was
not overeating or even as little as
possible and getting what you need and I
agreed with Matt on that and many things
I agreed was Matt on and that's why I
wanted to have him on the show now there
are some things me and my disagreed on
but I would say I agree with matt from
his diet standpoint more than any of the
other teachers out there only because we
both learned from dr. Fred bishi a lot
of what we do and dr. B she has been
telling people about systematic
undereating or not gluttony not not
overeating on a regular basis like so
many people we believe do today for so
many different reasons see the key is to
get the nutrients in your body we
believe it's not about counting calories
we believe it's not about counting
anything we believe it's about just
getting the highest quality food
possible available to us and supplement
and for what we can't get or what we
don't think we can get and let it be and
let the body do the amazing job it was
designed to do and so it's all about
good quality everybody and yes me and
Matt have a little difference about the
transitioning of foods I believe you
know giving up one addiction for another
addiction it is not the ideal way to go
because then you got to break another
addiction however I would agree with
Matt saying you know if that's what it
takes for a person to do it then
whatever it takes then great but I'd
rather a first see a person try to do it
then
transition to another unhealthy food
before trying to go straight to the
healthy food but other than that we
didn't really have too many differences
when it came to our the diet we
recommend and the diet we both
personally eat now we didn't get a
chance and we will in a future episode
to talk about Matt about cleansing and
supplements Matt really is really big
into cleansing and colonics and enemies
and you can see a lot of information on
his website about that and I'm a big
advocate of enemies and colonics as well
again because dr. B she has told us the
importance of cleansing not at the
beginning of eating a raw food I but
later on when somebody's been eating
this way for quite a while it catches up
to them if they're not doing it the
right way or cleansing to keep ahead of
the game so so that's another thing we
had in common so there's so much we had
in common and Matt move to an amazing
environment down in in Ecuador and I'm
looking forward to getting down there
because your system just environment is
very important for a healthy lifestyle
and you know it can be very stressful
living on healthy lifestyle and we spoke
about that in a video and one thing we
didn't cover on the video was our
spiritual beliefs and we just didn't
have time to everything because we know
we have a lot of great information that
we learned from dr. B she over the years
as for our spiritual beliefs it's one
area we pretty much disagree with and
and it's fine to disagree you know so me
and not disagree with that you know our
spiritual outlook on life I think my
spiritual outlook on life is much more
closer to dr. Fred B she's in we're both
taking a biblical lifestyle or a
biblical approach and Matt he has his
own thoughts about the spirituality with
which you can see on his website but
again from a diet standpoint and even
from an exercise standpoint we pretty
much agree more than we disagree and we
I think we agree more than most of the
other teachers out there but all of the
teachers agree out there like Matt said
and that you know we have to get rid of
the processed food so whatever we think
the prosecutor might be we cannot give
it we cannot keep the processed food and
we also all agree that the ideal foods
for the body a raw ripe fresh organic
fruits vegetables nuts and seeds now
Matt believes a hundred percent is
necessary for everyone as the ideal but
people can get by
less in certain situations I think a
hundred percent is not necessary and
might not be the ideal in every
situation but it's still the ideal food
but you know it depends on the situation
other than that I was really pleased
with the video but I want to know what
you thought about the video if you have
any comments or questions post them
below the video and I'll get to them on
the Q&A at the end of the week and again
you know I'm trying to get all these
videos out there and for the members of
the row life held show for everyone
really but I'm encouraging people to
become members of the Royal I felt show
because I want them to see this great
information and as a member you got to
see it first and in its entirety until
then everybody have a great week and
we'll see you again soon here on the
real life health show as well good this
is the rod light held to my life writing
of your life